Date object support (#26)
geckoboard/geckoboard-node: README.md

```

#### Using Date objects to send date/datetime field values
```
await dataset.append([
  { count: 1, day: new Date('2023-10-10T12:00:00Z') },
  { count: 2, day: new Date('2023-10-11T12:00:00Z') },
  { count: 3, day: new Date('2023-10-12T12:00:00Z') },
  { count: 4, day: new Date('2023-10-13T12:00:00Z') },
]);
```

> This will store the respective dataset field values as whatever the UTC value of the given Date object is.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this, and include some examples in the table that use non-zero timezone offsets?

```suggestion
This will store the respective dataset field values, taking into account timezones as needed.
```

```

#### Using Date objects to send date/datetime field values
```
await dataset.append([
  { count: 1, day: new Date('2023-10-10T12:00:00Z') },
  { count: 2, day: new Date('2023-10-11T12:00:00Z') },
  { count: 3, day: new Date('2023-10-12T12:00:00Z') },
  { count: 4, day: new Date('2023-10-13T12:00:00Z') },
]);
```

This will store the respective dataset field values as whatever the UTC value of the given Date object is.

```
// be careful with timezones, the date that is sent to the server
// will be the UTC value of the given date.
await dataset.append([
  {

>     timestamp: new Date('2018-01-01T12:00:00'), // maps to '2018-01-01T12:00:00.000Z'

Reviewer: this line isn't quite accurate unless the source timezone is GMT+0
